[v7r0] bashrc: X509 variables are left untouched if already set (#4873)
DIRACGrid/DIRAC: docs/source/AdministratorGuide/ServerInstallations/environment_variable_configuration.rst

DISABLE_WATCHDOG_CPU_WALLCLOCK_CHECK
  This variable only makes sense for DIRAC pilots. When set, the wallclock check done within the watchdog is disabled.

> DIRAC_X509_HOST_CERT

Reviewer: The entries should be placed before DIRACSYSCONFIG, after DIRAC_VOMSES

>   Defines the location of the host certificate, and takes precedence over CS options. You should not set this in your DIRAC ``bashrc``, prefer the CS options.

Reviewer 2: Do you mean

```suggestion
  Defines the location of the host certificate, and takes precedence over CS options. Should you not set this in your DIRAC ``bashrc``, the CS option would be preferred.
```
?

Author: No no, I really mean that it should not be set in the bashrc and we should prefer the CS options. These env variables are really to overwrite what is in the CS

Reviewer 2: OK, can you re-phase/add more info? Sorry I find it not-so-clear.

Author: better ?
